Add PHP upgrade guide (#213)
humanmade/altis-documentation: other-docs/guides/updating-php/README.md

**Note:** Before carrying out the following tasks locally ensure your application is fully installed so that all code that will be deployed to the cloud is present.

### Update All Altis Modules

The first task is to ensure your application has the latest patch versions of all Altis modules by running the following command in your project root:

```
composer update "altis/*" --with-all-dependencies
```

Afterwards commit the updated `composer.lock` file.

### Run The Compatibility Check

The next step is using the PHP Compatibility package for PHP Code Sniffer. The guide belows shows you how to install and use this tool globally, however you may wish to install them directly in your project and use them in CI as part of your code linting process.

First install the standard and dependencies using the following command:

```
composer global require dealerdirect/phpcodesniffer-composer-installer phpcompatibility/php-compatibility
```

Next run the standard against your codebase for the target PHP version, in this example PHP 7.4:

```
phpcs -p . --standard=PHPCompatibility
  --runtime-set testVersion 7.4 \
  --extensions=php \
  -d memory_limit=1G \

>   --ignore=wordpress,vendor/altis,vendor/humanmade/batcache,vendor/humanmade/ludicrousdb,vendor/humanmade/wp-redis,vendor/wp-phpunit,*/tests/*

Reviewer: Could this list be combined with the one below?

```

The ignored directories in the above command are added because they will show errors and warnings due to backwards compatible code, for example using `mysql_*` vs `mysqli_*` functions. All dependencies of Altis have been tested and verified according to the chart at the top of this page.

**Note:** You _must_ fix anything reported as an "Error". Warnings can be ignored at your discretion.

Fix any reported errors by upgrading affected 3rd party plugins and amending 1st party custom code as needed following your standard code review and deployment processes.

#### Known Warnings

> There are some known warnings in the following packages that you can safely ignore. Altis garuantees its core packages and their dependencies are verified as working with the versions outlined in the compatiblity chart at the top of this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are some known warnings in the following packages that you can safely ignore. Altis guarantees its core packages and their dependencies are verified as working with the versions outlined in the compatibility chart at the top of this page.
```
